[docs] Add stronger warning for SDXL height/width (#4867)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/api/pipelines/stable_diffusion/stable_diffusion_xl.md

## Tips

> - SDXL works best with an image size of 1024x1024. Image sizes of 768x768 and 512x512 are also supported, but the results aren't as good. Anything below 512x512 is not recommended and likely won't work. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Most SDXL checkpoints work best with an image size of 1024x1024. Image sizes of 768x768 and 512x512 are also supported, but the results aren't as good. Anything below 512x512 is not recommended and likely won't work for the default checkpoints such as [stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-xl-base-1.0)
```
